# Cplusplus-Program


The Corner Grocer project analyzes text input and lists items purchased in chronological order. the C++ code calls Python functions for various tasks, including: Producing a list of all items purchased in a given day along with the number of times each item was purchased. Producing a number representing how many times a specific item was purchased in a given day. Producing a text-based histogram listing all items purchased in a given day, along with a representation of the number of times each item was purchased. I feel that I was able to write comprehensive code in both Python and C++, and combine the best of both languages into a well developed functional program. Although the code worked wel, I feel that I had trouble writing the Python script the most. This language was the first I learned and it has been a little while since I've used it, so most of my effort was correcting syntax and defining dictionaries and functions in Python. The skills that will be tranferrable from this project are the use of multiple coding languages in one program. Especially regarding the use of different syntax and importing functions. Also, the logic felt difficult to process at first, but after a few hours of work, I was able to correctly implement it, so I will be able to look back on this project and use the logicl flow for other programs. I made this program maintainable, readable and adaptable by adding plenty of in line comments so other programmers can follow along with the logic flow easily, containing my logic in functions that do not cloud the main method of the program, and by using good programming practices.
